chore: update documentation on how to upload data and create datasets (#2017)
SwissDataScienceCenter/renku: docs/user/data.rst

with data stored in LFS if you want to use it efficiently in your work with
renku.

> Uploading Data to Renkulab and Creating Datasets with the CLI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Uploading Data to a Renkulab session to create a Dataset with the CLI
```

Reviewer: Just a suggestion that could make the goal of that paragraph even a bit clearer.

-------------------------------------------------------------

You can use the ``renku dataset`` CLI command to create a dataset with data

> that is already present in your JupyterLab or RStudio environment or with 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that is already present in your JupyterLab or RStudio session or with 
```
